{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Arial
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red170\green170\blue170;
\red238\green238\blue238;
\red221\green221\blue221;
}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listid664038103\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0
{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\plain\f3\fs24\cf2
}
}
{\list\listid456951786\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0
{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\plain\f3\fs24\cf2
}
}
}
{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid664038103\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid456951786\listoverridecount0\ls2}
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1080\margbsxn864\marglsxn864\margrsxn864
\pgncont\pgndec
\pard
\keepn\plain\f0\fs44\b\cf2
Matthieu Cormier
\par
\pard

 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf17
\tab
}
 
\par
\pard
\sb24\li60\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
116 Driftwood Crescent, Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
\par
\pard
\li60\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Phone:
}
 902.229.1677
\par
\pard
\li60\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Email:
}
 mcormier@cs.dal.ca
\par
\pard
\keepn\sb168\plain\f0\fs28\b\cf2
Relevant Skills and Qualifications
\par
\pard

 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf17
\tab
}
 
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\sb24\li888\fi-168\ls1\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Work well collaboratively and independently
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls1\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Knowledgeable with a broad range of programming languages and computing platforms
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls1\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Excellent troubleshooter
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls1\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Effective communicator
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls1\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Exceptional attention to detail
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls1\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Comprehensive portfolio available 
{\field
{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.cs.dal.ca/~mcormier/portfolio"}
{\fldrslt
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf3
online
}
}
}
 
\par
\pard
\keepn\sb168\plain\f0\fs28\b\cf2
Education
\par
\pard

 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf17
\tab
}
 
\par
\pard
\keepn\sb24\li720\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Bachelor of Computer Science
}
, 2003
\par
\pard
\keepn\li720\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Dalhousie University (Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada)
\par
\pard
\keepn\sb240\plain\f0\fs28\b\cf2
Professional Experience
\par
\pard

 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf17
\tab
}
 
\par
\pard\fs2\par
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadft3\clpadt120
\clpadfb3\clpadb120
\clpadfl3\clpadl120
\clpadfr3\clpadr120
\clvertalt
\clcbpat18
\clbrdrt\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrb\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrl\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrr\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\cellx10512
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Product Development
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
abridean
}
 (Halifax, Nova Scotia)
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Winter 2006\u8211?Present
\par
\pard
\intbl\sb96\qj\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
abridean provides a user management and provisioning product for mid to large size enterprises. The flagship product "Provisor" tracks and automates the provisioning of applications to users, and is highly customized for each customer deployment. Provisor is built with a mixture of Java, Java beanshell scripts, and a proprietary XML workflow language. As a member of the product development team my responsibilities include fixing product defects, writing tests, designing and adding new features. Defect resolution and feature additions require careful consideration of customer deployments to reduce overall costs over the long-term. Technologies used regularly include JUnit, JMock, Ant, Subversion.
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadft3\clpadt120
\clpadfb3\clpadb120
\clpadfl3\clpadl120
\clpadfr3\clpadr120
\clvertalt
\clcbpat19
\clbrdrt\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrb\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrl\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrr\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\cellx10512
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Level 3 Support Engineer
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Versata Incorporated
}
 (Bedford, Nova Scotia)
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Fall 2004\u8211?Winter 2006
\par
\pard
\intbl\sb96\qj\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
The company's product offering facilitates generation of J2EE applications through the use of code generation and rules based business logic. Duties involved fixing defects, backporting of critical hotfixes and adding enhancements to the product on a quarterly release schedule. Fulfillment of these tasks required the use of many different combinations of webservers ( WebSphere, JBoss, Weblogic) and databases (Oracle, mySql, SqlServer, DB2). Technologies used regularly include, Java, JUnit, Perforce, Ant.
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadft3\clpadt120
\clpadfb3\clpadb120
\clpadfl3\clpadl120
\clpadfr3\clpadr120
\clvertalt
\clcbpat18
\clbrdrt\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrb\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrl\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrr\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\cellx10512
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Software Developer/Operations/Tier 2 support
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Gegy Canada Ltd.
}
 (Dartmouth, Nova Scotia)
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Fall 2003\u8211?Fall 2004
\par
\pard
\intbl\sb96\qj\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Developed and deployed a web-based service provider application (ASP) using Java, JSP, Servlets, JUnit, Struts, Tomcat, Apache and Oracle. Responsible for daily operations of application after deployment. Documented and fixed issues discovered from feedback and interaction with established user base. Created tools to facilitate automation of daily operations tasks in a unix environment using Java, and unix shell scripts.
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadft3\clpadt120
\clpadfb3\clpadb120
\clpadfl3\clpadl120
\clpadfr3\clpadr120
\clvertalt
\clcbpat19
\clbrdrt\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrb\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrl\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrr\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\cellx10512
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Software Developer
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
VR interactive
}
 (Halifax, Nova Scotia)
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Fall 2001\u8211?Summer 2002
\par
\pard
\intbl\sb96\qj\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Software developer for Surround Photo; a cross platform product (PC and Macintosh) which processes and displays panorama photographs taken with a 360 degree mirror. Development was primarily C++ using the PowerPlant and MFC frameworks. Notable achievements include, carbonizing the Macintosh version, fixing defects, testing the product, and finding and squashing memory leaks.
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadft3\clpadt120
\clpadfb3\clpadb120
\clpadfl3\clpadl120
\clpadfr3\clpadr120
\clvertalt
\clcbpat18
\clbrdrt\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrb\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrl\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrr\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\cellx10512
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Software Developer
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
OEone Corporation
}
 (Halifax, Nova Scotia)
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Spring 2001
\par
\pard
\intbl\sb96\qj\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Created user interfaces with Mozilla requiring integration of several software components (JavaScript, CSS, XUL, XML and XPCOM).
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadft3\clpadt120
\clpadfb3\clpadb120
\clpadfl3\clpadl120
\clpadfr3\clpadr120
\clvertalt
\clcbpat19
\clbrdrt\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrb\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrl\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrr\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\cellx10512
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Teacher's Assistant
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Dalhousie University
}
 (Halifax, Nova Scotia)
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Fall 2000\u8211?Spring 2001
\par
\pard
\intbl\sb96\qj\li60\cbpat19\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Aided students from first to fourth year with computer programming problems and helped them gain familiarity with the software tools necessary to solve those problems.
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadft3\clpadt120
\clpadfb3\clpadb120
\clpadfl3\clpadl120
\clpadfr3\clpadr120
\clvertalt
\clcbpat18
\clbrdrt\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrb\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrl\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\clbrdrr\brdrdot\brdrw10\brdrcf2
\cellx10512
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\b\cf2
Software Developer and Network Technician
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Pictorius Incorporated
}
 (Halifax, Nova Scotia)
\par
\pard
\intbl\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\i\cf2
Winter 1999 and Winter 2000 - Summer 2000
\par
\pard
\intbl\sb96\qj\li60\cbpat18\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Developed internal and external web-based applications requiring knowledge of several software components and their integration. Revamped and secured network, adding a firewall, proxy server and VPN server. Performed assorted database administration tasks. Worked with a variety of software components: Prograph, SQL Server, ASP, php, CGI, JSP, Java.
\cell
\row
\pard
\keepn\sb480\plain\f0\fs28\b\cf2
Awards and Activities
\par
\pard

 
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf17
\tab
}
 
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\sb24\li888\fi-168\ls2\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
ESL (english as a second language) Tutor
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls2\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
Skills Transcript for "Critical Thinking. Written Communication"
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls2\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
French Bilingual Certificate (High School French Immersion Program)
\par
\pard
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
{\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
\u8226?
}
\tab
}
}
\li888\fi-168\ls2\tx888\plain\f0\fs24\cf2
International Exchange student, Fall 1999
\par
\pard\sect
}
